= Ozark
=== The simple man's blog

The goal of Ozark is to create a simple and sleek blog application that's meant for the everyday blogger. It lacks a robust user manager, roles are nonexistant, and most importantly (at least in my mind) doesn't use Liquid. I loathe Liquid - blame my exposure to Radiant's Radius parser, but I prefer XML to funky curly brackets. So I decided to create a blogging app from the ground up that is entirely modular, encourages extension (through the use of exposing new Radius tags), and is lightweight.


=== What's under the hood

* Sports it's own router / dispatcher advanced enough to handle permalinks, redirects and mixin routing. Mixin routing? Simply include the Routeable module into any model to expose it.

* Sections are composed of articles and pages, and whatever else you might want.

* A UI that your grandmother could use

* Convention over configuration. No fluff for the sake of a long list of features. Caters to the majority.


=== What are some goals?

* DB driven templates (as opposed to flat file) with versioning, with the intention of having a staging/live mode to facilitate template changes on a live site without treating your viewers like guinea pigs.

* Some sort of fancy way of exporting / sharing templates. A RESTful way of letting Ozark deployments deploy templates to each other.

* A robust, but non-bloated, tag set


=== TODO

Some things I plan on knocking out, in no particular order.

* Pagination. Hopefully I don't write > 10 posts on my production deployment before getting this in place.


=== License

Copyright (c) 2008 Brennan Dunn, http://www.brennandunn.com/

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.